ну
me
получ
u
When естьe happens with an instinct, it proves that it is Verbi fast
It's said that everyone is in love with the woman.
But the woman is the one who is in love with the man.
The man said,
I'm not going anywhere.
The woman said,
I'm the most beautiful woman in the world.
I went to the exhibition of beautiful paintings the other day.
There were beautiful women lined up.
One of them was looking at the painting.
This is the exhibition of beautiful paintings.
How beautiful it is.
Is this also a beautiful woman?
Isn't this a little bit beautiful?
The mouth is big and the forehead is big.
I'm always beautiful.
The woman behind me said,
Madam, that's a mirror.
It's a stupid story.
When many friends gather,
there are many interesting stories.
Oh, yeah, you're together.
Yeah.
Is there anything that has changed recently?
There's nothing special.
I'm talking about my family.
Yasuda, do you have any interesting stories?
No, I don't.
My family is different from mine.
My wife solves everything with songs.
Even if I call my wife,
I have a tendency to sing.
I've been laughing at the corner of laughter since ancient times.
My beloved,
my lovely wife.
My wife says,
Hey, hey.
I see.
So, I go home from work
with a song.
I open the door.
From work, from work,
I flew to my house.
I'm happy, I'm happy.
I'm looking at the house.
What's today's dish?
Potatoes?
Croquettes?
Or is it my tempura?
I'm looking at the house.
You go home.
Thank you for your hard work.
Let's cook.
Shut up.
I'm making a hot pot.
But I like the softness.
Yeah, I like the softness.
I'm not good enough.
Why?
When I sing well,
I get three money.
I get a hole every time.
I get 18 people a day.
I see.
I'm worried about my children's education.
If I'm here,
I'll cry with a song.
I'm really worried.
My father scolded me.
I cried so much that my bones melted.
I see.
It's a great house.